Add ODROID-M1 to documentation (#2402)
home-assistant/operating-system: Documentation/boards/hardkernel/odroid-m1.md

# ODROID-M1

Home Assistant OS 10 and newer support the ODROID-M1 board.

## SD-card

SD-card boot is supported via on-board bootloader (SPL) or recovery button.

## eMMC

eMMC boot is currently only supported via recovery button. eMMC boot via
on-board bootloader will require an update of Petitboot (as of March 13 2023,
this update hasn't been released yet.

## NVMe

> Booting directly from NVMe is not supported. Using the NVMe as the data disk has

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Booting directly from NVMe is not supported. The NVMe card can be used as a data disk.
```

> been successfully tested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

## Technical notes on boot flow

> The Home Assistant OS image is bootable by the SoC directly, that means no help

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Home Assistant OS image is bootable by the SoC directly. This means that no help
```

from the Hardkernel provided and pre-installed bootloader Petitboot is necessary.

> However, since the ODROID-M1 boots from internal SPI automatically, booting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the ODROID-M1 automatically boots from internal SPI. To boot
```

> directly off the SD-card or eMMC requires pressing the recovery button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
directly off the SD-card or eMMC you need to press the recovery button.
```

The SPI flashed U-Boot SPL tries searches for an U-Boot binary on the SD-card

> (and future releases also on the eMMC). This mechanism allows to boot the Home

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(and future releases also on the eMMC). This mechanism allows you to boot the Home
```

> Assistant OS U-Boot without the need to press the recovery button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assistant OS U-Boot without pressing the recovery button.
```
